samples: nrf9160: modem_shell: add support for MFW v1.3.2 GNSS features (#7327)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

        In AT command mode, a maximum of 10 AT commands can be pipelined with ``|`` as the delimiter character between pipelined AT commands.
      * Threading support for the ``ping`` command.
      * Iperf3 usage over Zephyr native TCP/IP stack and nRF9160 LTE default context.

>       * Support for MFW v1.3.2 GNSS features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Support for the GNSS features introduced in modem firmware v1.3.2.
```

Author: Updated.

>         This includes several new fields in the PVT notification and a command to query assistance data expiry times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        This includes several new fields in the PVT notification and a command to query the expiry times of assistance data.
```

Author: Updated.
